docs: #632 arguments properly quoted (#1187)
redpanda-data/documentation: modules/get-started/pages/release-notes/helm-charts.adoc

TIP: For a supported and scalable Kafka Connect alternative, consider using Redpanda Connect. For more information, see xref:redpanda-connect:get-started:index.adoc[].

=== Reference Kubernetes Secrets and ConfigMaps for Redpanda cluster configuration

You can now set any Redpanda cluster configuration property using the new `extraClusterConfig` field. This allows you to reference values from Kubernetes Secrets or ConfigMaps. For example, use this field to inject sensitive credentials or reuse shared configurations across features like Tiered Storage, Iceberg, and disaster recovery.

This enhancement improves:

- Security: Avoid hardcoding secrets in Helm values or manifests.

- Reusability: Centralize common values used by multiple features.

> - Maintainability: Integrate more cleanly with GitOps workflows and Kubernetes-native resource management.

Author: To my ear, "Integrate more cleanly" feels a little awkward. Can you use "Integrate more seamlessly" or "Better integrate"?

> - Maintainability: Integrate more cleanly with GitOps workflows and Kubernetes-native resource management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Maintainability: Better integrate with GitOps workflows and Kubernetes-native resource management.
```
